Artificial intelligence has impacted many aspects of human life. This paper studies the impact of artificial intelligence on economic theory. In particular we study the impact of artificial intelligence on the theory of bounded rationality, efficient market hypothesis and prospect theory.
In this paper, I put forward that in many instances, thinking mechanisms are equivalent to artificial intelligence modules programmed into the human mind.
The rapid development of artificial intelligence has brought the artificial intelligence threat theory as well as the problem about how to evaluate the intelligence level of intelligent products. Both need to find a quantitative method to evaluate the intelligence level of intelligence systems, including human intelligence. Based on the standard intelligence system and the extended Von Neumann architecture, this paper proposes General IQ, Service IQ and Value IQ evaluation methods for intelligence systems, depending on different evaluation purposes. Among them, the General IQ of intelligence systems is to answer the question of whether the artificial intelligence can surpass the human intelligence, which is reflected in putting the intelligence systems on an equal status and conducting the unified evaluation. The Service IQ and Value IQ of intelligence systems are used to answer the question of how the intelligent products can better serve the human, reflecting the intelligence and required cost of each intelligence system as a product in the process of serving human.
In this article, I discuss how the AI community views concerns about the emergence of superintelligent AI and related philosophical issues.
Advances in Artificial Intelligence require progress across all of computer science.
Currently, potential threats of artificial intelligence (AI) to human have triggered a large controversy in society, behind which, the nature of the issue is whether the artificial intelligence (AI) system can be evaluated quantitatively. This article analyzes and evaluates the challenges that the AI development level is facing, and proposes that the evaluation methods for the human intelligence test and the AI system are not uniform; and the key reason for which is that none of the models can uniformly describe the AI system and the beings like human. Aiming at this problem, a standard intelligent system model is established in this study to describe the AI system and the beings like human uniformly. Based on the model, the article makes an abstract mathematical description, and builds the standard intelligent machine mathematical model; expands the Von Neumann architecture and proposes the Liufeng - Shiyong architecture; gives the definition of the artificial intelligence IQ, and establishes the artificial intelligence scale and the evaluation method; conduct the test on 50 search engines and three human subjects at different ages across the world, and finally obtains the ranking of the absolute IQ and deviation IQ ranking for artificial intelligence IQ 2014.
Knowledge-based or Artificial Intelligence techniques are used increasingly as alternatives to more classical techniques to model ENVIRONMENTAL SYSTEMS. Use of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in environmental modelling has increased with recognition of its potential. In this paper we examine the DIFFERENT TECHNIQUES of Artificial intelligence with profound examples of human perception, learning and reasoning to solve complex problems. However with the increase of complexity better methods are required. Keeping in view of the above some researchers introduced the idea of hybrid mechanism in which two or more methods can be combined which seems to be a positive effort for creating a more complex; advanced and intelligent system which has the capability to in- cooperate human decisions thus driving the landscape changes.
Although the definition and measurement of intelligence is clearly of fundamental importance to the field of artificial intelligence, no general survey of definitions and tests of machine intelligence exists. Indeed few researchers are even aware of alternatives to the Turing test and its many derivatives. In this paper we fill this gap by providing a short survey of the many tests of machine intelligence that have been proposed.
The Universal Intelligence Measure is a recently proposed formal definition of intelligence. It is mathematically specified, extremely general, and captures the essence of many informal definitions of intelligence. It is based on Hutter's Universal Artificial Intelligence theory, an extension of Ray Solomonoff's pioneering work on universal induction. Since the Universal Intelligence Measure is only asymptotically computable, building a practical intelligence test from it is not straightforward. This paper studies the practical issues involved in developing a real-world UIM-based performance metric. Based on our investigation, we develop a prototype implementation which we use to evaluate a number of different artificial agents.
We derive axiomatically the probability function that should be used to make decisions given any form of underlying uncertainty.
This article analyses the properties of the Internal Behaviour network, an action selection mechanism previously proposed by the authors, with the aid of a simulation developed for such ends. A brief review of the Internal Behaviour network is followed by the explanation of the implementation of the simulation. Then, experiments are presented and discussed analysing the properties of the action selection in the proposed model.
This paper describe about a new methodology for developing and improving the robotics field via artificial intelligence and internet of things. Now a day, we can say Artificial Intelligence take the world into robotics. Almost all industries use robots for lot of works. They are use co-operative robots to make different kind of works. But there was some problem to make robot for multi tasks. So there was a necessary new methodology to made multi tasking robots. It will be done only by artificial intelligence and internet of things.
Over the last decade, there has been growing interest in the use or measures or change in belief for reasoning with uncertainty in artificial intelligence research. An important characteristic of several methodologies that reason with changes in belief or belief updates, is a property that we term modularity. We call updates that satisfy this property modular updates. Whereas probabilistic measures of belief update - which satisfy the modularity property were first discovered in the nineteenth century, knowledge and discussion of these quantities remains obscure in artificial intelligence research. We define modular updates and discuss their inappropriate use in two influential expert systems.
One of the most important aims of the fields of robotics, artificial intelligence and artificial life is the design and construction of systems and machines as versatile and as reliable as living organisms at performing high level human-like tasks. But how are we to evaluate artificial systems if we are not certain how to measure these capacities in living systems, let alone how to define life or intelligence? Here I survey a concrete metric towards measuring abstract properties of natural and artificial systems, such as the ability to react to the environment and to control one's own behaviour.
A fundamental problem in artificial intelligence is that nobody really knows what intelligence is. The problem is especially acute when we need to consider artificial systems which are significantly different to humans. In this paper we approach this problem in the following way: We take a number of well known informal definitions of human intelligence that have been given by experts, and extract their essential features. These are then mathematically formalised to produce a general measure of intelligence for arbitrary machines. We believe that this measure formally captures the concept of machine intelligence in the broadest reasonable sense.
Narrative intelligence is the ability to craft, tell, understand, and respond affectively to stories. We argue that instilling artificial intelligences with computational narrative intelligence affords a number of applications beneficial to humans. We lay out some of the machine learning challenges necessary to solve to achieve computational narrative intelligence. Finally, we argue that computational narrative is a practical step towards machine enculturation, the teaching of sociocultural values to machines.
The advent of artificial intelligence has changed many disciplines such as engineering, social science and economics. Artificial intelligence is a computational technique which is inspired by natural intelligence such as the swarming of birds, the working of the brain and the pathfinding of the ants. These techniques have impact on economic theories. This book studies the impact of artificial intelligence on economic theories, a subject that has not been extensively studied. The theories that are considered are: demand and supply, asymmetrical information, pricing, rational choice, rational expectation, game theory, efficient market hypotheses, mechanism design, prospect, bounded rationality, portfolio theory, rational counterfactual and causality. The benefit of this book is that it evaluates existing theories of economics and update them based on the developments in artificial intelligence field.
Short philosophical essay
In this paper we offer a formal definition of Artificial Intelligence and this directly gives us an algorithm for construction of this object. Really, this algorithm is useless due to the combinatory explosion.   The main innovation in our definition is that it does not include the knowledge as a part of the intelligence. So according to our definition a newly born baby also is an Intellect. Here we differs with Turing's definition which suggests that an Intellect is a person with knowledge gained through the years.
With almost daily improvements in capabilities of artificial intelligence it is more important than ever to develop safety software for use by the AI research community. Building on our previous work on AI Containment Problem we propose a number of guidelines which should help AI safety researchers to develop reliable sandboxing software for intelligent programs of all levels. Such safety container software will make it possible to study and analyze intelligent artificial agent while maintaining certain level of safety against information leakage, social engineering attacks and cyberattacks from within the container.
Content marketing is todays one of the most remarkable approaches in the context of marketing processes of companies. Value of this kind of marketing has improved in time, thanks to the latest developments regarding to computer and communication technologies. Nowadays, especially social media based platforms have a great importance on enabling companies to design multimedia oriented, interactive content. But on the other hand, there is still something more to do for improved content marketing approaches. In this context, objective of this study is to focus on intelligent content marketing, which can be done by using artificial intelligence. Artificial Intelligence is todays one of the most remarkable research fields and it can be used easily as multidisciplinary. So, this study has aimed to discuss about its potential on improving content marketing. In detail, the study has enabled readers to improve their awareness about the intersection point of content marketing and artificial intelligence. Furthermore, the authors have introduced some example models of intelligent content marketing, which can be achieved by using current Web technologies and artificial intelligence techniques.
The recent surge in interest in ethics in artificial intelligence may leave many educators wondering how to address moral, ethical, and philosophical issues in their AI courses. As instructors we want to develop curriculum that not only prepares students to be artificial intelligence practitioners, but also to understand the moral, ethical, and philosophical impacts that artificial intelligence will have on society. In this article we provide practical case studies and links to resources for use by AI educators. We also provide concrete suggestions on how to integrate AI ethics into a general artificial intelligence course and how to teach a stand-alone artificial intelligence ethics course.
There is a significant lack of unified approaches to building generally intelligent machines. The majority of current artificial intelligence research operates within a very narrow field of focus, frequently without considering the importance of the 'big picture'. In this document, we seek to describe and unify principles that guide the basis of our development of general artificial intelligence. These principles revolve around the idea that intelligence is a tool for searching for general solutions to problems. We define intelligence as the ability to acquire skills that narrow this search, diversify it and help steer it to more promising areas. We also provide suggestions for studying, measuring, and testing the various skills and abilities that a human-level intelligent machine needs to acquire. The document aims to be both implementation agnostic, and to provide an analytic, systematic, and scalable way to generate hypotheses that we believe are needed to meet the necessary conditions in the search for general artificial intelligence. We believe that such a framework is an important stepping stone for bringing together definitions, highlighting open problems, connecting researchers willing to collaborate, and for unifying the arguably most significant search of this century.
Artificial intelligence (AI) is an important technology that supports daily social life and economic activities. It contributes greatly to the sustainable growth of Japan's economy and solves various social problems. In recent years, AI has attracted attention as a key for growth in developed countries such as Europe and the United States and developing countries such as China and India. The attention has been focused mainly on developing new artificial intelligence information communication technology (ICT) and robot technology (RT). Although recently developed AI technology certainly excels in extracting certain patterns, there are many limitations. Most ICT models are overly dependent on big data, lack a self-idea function, and are complicated. In this paper, rather than merely developing next-generation artificial intelligence technology, we aim to develop a new concept of general-purpose intelligence cognition technology called Beyond AI. Specifically, we plan to develop an intelligent learning model called Brain Intelligence (BI) that generates new ideas about events without having experienced them by using artificial life with an imagine function. We will also conduct demonstrations of the developed BI intelligence learning model on automatic driving, precision medical care, and industrial robots.
Although artificial intelligence is currently one of the most interesting areas in scientific research, the potential threats posed by emerging AI systems remain a source of persistent controversy. To address the issue of AI threat, this study proposes a standard intelligence model that unifies AI and human characteristics in terms of four aspects of knowledge, i.e., input, output, mastery, and creation. Using this model, we observe three challenges, namely, expanding of the von Neumann architecture; testing and ranking the intelligence quotient of naturally and artificially intelligent systems, including humans, Google, Bing, Baidu, and Siri; and finally, the dividing of artificially intelligent systems into seven grades from robots to Google Brain. Based on this, we conclude that AlphaGo belongs to the third grade.
Biologically inspired computing is an area of computer science which uses the advantageous properties of biological systems. It is the amalgamation of computational intelligence and collective intelligence. Biologically inspired mechanisms have already proved successful in achieving major advances in a wide range of problems in computing and communication systems. The consortium of bio-inspired computing are artificial neural networks, evolutionary algorithms, swarm intelligence, artificial immune systems, fractal geometry, DNA computing and quantum computing, etc. This article gives an introduction to swarm intelligence.
This paper analyses the influence of including agents of different degrees of intelligence in a multiagent system. The goal is to better understand how we can develop intelligence tests that can evaluate social intelligence. We analyse several reinforcement algorithms in several contexts of cooperation and competition. Our experimental setting is inspired by the recently developed Darwin-Wallace distribution.
We give a brief overview of the main characteristics of diagrammatic reasoning, analyze a case of human reasoning in a mastermind game, and explain why hybrid representation systems (HRS) are particularly attractive and promising for Artificial General Intelligence and Computer Science in general.
We reminisce and discuss applications of algorithmic probability to a wide range of problems in artificial intelligence, philosophy and technological society. We propose that Solomonoff has effectively axiomatized the field of artificial intelligence, therefore establishing it as a rigorous scientific discipline. We also relate to our own work in incremental machine learning and philosophy of complexity.
Much artificial intelligence research focuses on the problem of deducing the validity of unobservable propositions or hypotheses from observable evidence.! Many of the knowledge representation techniques designed for this problem encode the relationship between evidence and hypothesis in a directed manner. Moreover, the direction in which evidence is stored is typically from evidence to hypothesis.
This paper covers two topics: first an introduction to Algorithmic Complexity Theory: how it defines probability, some of its characteristic properties and past successful applications. Second, we apply it to problems in A.I. - where it promises to give near optimum search procedures for two very broad classes of problems.
Verified artificial intelligence (AI) is the goal of designing AI-based systems that are provably correct with respect to mathematically-specified requirements. This paper considers Verified AI from a formal methods perspective. We describe five challenges for achieving Verified AI, and five corresponding principles for addressing these challenges.
Human speech is the most important part of General Artificial Intelligence and subject of much research. The hypothesis proposed in this article provides explanation of difficulties that modern science tackles in the field of human brain simulation. The hypothesis is based on the author's conviction that the brain of any given person has different ability to process and store information. Therefore, the approaches that are currently used to create General Artificial Intelligence have to be altered.
This article considers evidence from physical and biological sciences to show machines are deficient compared to biological systems at incorporating intelligence. Machines fall short on two counts: firstly, unlike brains, machines do not self-organize in a recursive manner; secondly, machines are based on classical logic, whereas Nature's intelligence may depend on quantum mechanics.
Artificial Intelligence began as a field probing some of the most fundamental questions of science - the nature of intelligence and the design of intelligent artifacts. But it has grown into a discipline that is deeply entwined with commerce and society. Today's AI technology, such as expert systems and intelligent assistants, pose some difficult questions of risk, trust and accountability. In this paper, we present these concerns, examining them in the context of historical developments that have shaped the nature and direction of AI research. We also suggest the exploration and further development of two paradigms, human intelligence-machine cooperation, and a sociological view of intelligence, which might help address some of these concerns.
Little by little, newspapers are revealing the bright future that Artificial Intelligence (AI) is building. Intelligent machines will help everywhere. However, this bright future has a dark side: a dramatic job market contraction before its unpredictable transformation. Hence, in a near future, large numbers of job seekers will need financial support while catching up with these novel unpredictable jobs. This possible job market crisis has an antidote inside. In fact, the rise of AI is sustained by the biggest knowledge theft of the recent years. Learning AI machines are extracting knowledge from unaware skilled or unskilled workers by analyzing their interactions. By passionately doing their jobs, these workers are digging their own graves.   In this paper, we propose Human-in-the-loop Artificial Intelligence (HIT-AI) as a fairer paradigm for Artificial Intelligence systems. HIT-AI will reward aware and unaware knowledge producers with a different scheme: decisions of AI systems generating revenues will repay the legitimate owners of the knowledge used for taking those decisions. As modern Robin Hoods, HIT-AI researchers should fight for a fairer Artificial Intelligence that gives back what it steals.
Independent from the still ongoing research in measuring individual intelligence, we anticipate and provide a framework for measuring collective intelligence. Collective intelligence refers to the idea that several individuals can collaborate in order to achieve high levels of intelligence. We present thus some ideas on how the intelligence of a group can be measured and simulate such tests. We will however focus here on groups of artificial intelligence agents (i.e., machines). We will explore how a group of agents is able to choose the appropriate problem and to specialize for a variety of tasks. This is a feature which is an important contributor to the increase of intelligence in a group (apart from the addition of more agents and the improvement due to common decision making). Our results reveal some interesting results about how (collective) intelligence can be modeled, about how collective intelligence tests can be designed and about the underlying dynamics of collective intelligence. As it will be useful for our simulations, we provide also some improvements of the threshold allocation model originally used in the area of swarm intelligence but further generalized here.
Crisis response poses many of the most difficult information technology in crisis management. It requires information and communication-intensive efforts, utilized for reducing uncertainty, calculating and comparing costs and benefits, and managing resources in a fashion beyond those regularly available to handle routine problems. In this paper, we explore the benefits of artificial intelligence technologies in crisis response. This paper discusses the role of artificial intelligence technologies; namely, robotics, ontology and semantic web, and multi-agent systems in crisis response.
Agents and agent systems are becoming more and more important in the development of a variety of fields such as ubiquitous computing, ambient intelligence, autonomous computing, intelligent systems and intelligent robotics. The need for improvement of our basic knowledge on agents is very essential. We take a systematic approach and present extended classification of artificial agents which can be useful for understanding of what artificial agents are and what they can be in the future. The aim of this classification is to give us insights in what kind of agents can be created and what type of problems demand a specific kind of agents for their solution.
This paper is concerned with two theories of probability judgment: the Bayesian theory and the theory of belief functions. It illustrates these theories with some simple examples and discusses some of the issues that arise when we try to implement them in expert systems. The Bayesian theory is well known; its main ideas go back to the work of Thomas Bayes (1702-1761). The theory of belief functions, often called the Dempster-Shafer theory in the artificial intelligence community, is less well known, but it has even older antecedents; belief-function arguments appear in the work of George Hooper (16401723) and James Bernoulli (1654-1705). For elementary expositions of the theory of belief functions, see Shafer (1976, 1985).
Two different definitions of the Artificial Intelligence concept have been proposed in papers [1] and [2]. The first definition is informal. It says that any program that is cleverer than a human being, is acknowledged as Artificial Intelligence. The second definition is formal because it avoids reference to the concept of human being. The readers of papers [1] and [2] might be left with the impression that both definitions are equivalent and the definition in [2] is simply a formal version of that in [1]. This paper will compare both definitions of Artificial Intelligence and, hopefully, will bring a better understanding of the concept.
Algorithmic composition is the partial or total automation of the process of music composition by using computers. Since the 1950s, different computational techniques related to Artificial Intelligence have been used for algorithmic composition, including grammatical representations, probabilistic methods, neural networks, symbolic rule-based systems, constraint programming and evolutionary algorithms. This survey aims to be a comprehensive account of research on algorithmic composition, presenting a thorough view of the field for researchers in Artificial Intelligence.
We present the results of the ICON Challenge on Algorithm Selection.
Computer games play an important role in our society and motivate people to learn computer science. Since artificial intelligence is integral to most games, they can also be used to teach artificial intelligence. We introduce the Game AI Game Engine (GAIGE), a Python game engine specifically designed to teach about how AI is used in computer games. A progression of seven assignments builds toward a complete, working Multi-User Battle Arena (MOBA) game. We describe the engine, the assignments, and our experiences using it in a class on Game Artificial Intelligence.
The theory of rational choice assumes that when people make decisions they do so in order to maximize their utility. In order to achieve this goal they ought to use all the information available and consider all the choices available to choose an optimal choice. This paper investigates what happens when decisions are made by artificially intelligent machines in the market rather than human beings. Firstly, the expectations of the future are more consistent if they are made by an artificially intelligent machine and the decisions are more rational and thus marketplace becomes more rational.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) started out with an ambition to reproduce the human mind, but, as the sheer scale of that ambition became apparent, quickly retreated into either studying specialized intelligent behaviours, or proposing overarching architectural concepts for interfacing specialized intelligent behaviour components, conceived of as agents in a kind of organization. This agent-based modeling paradigm, in turn, proves to have interesting applications in understanding, simulating, and predicting the behaviour of social and legal structures on an aggregate level. This chapter examines a number of relevant cross-cutting concerns, conceptualizations, modeling problems and design challenges in large-scale distributed Artificial Intelligence, as well as in institutional systems, and identifies potential grounds for novel advances.
Since Artificial Intelligence (AI) software uses techniques like deep lookahead search and stochastic optimization of huge neural networks to fit mammoth datasets, it often results in complex behavior that is difficult for people to understand. Yet organizations are deploying AI algorithms in many mission-critical settings. In order to trust their behavior, we must make it intelligible --- either by using inherently interpretable models or by developing methods for explaining otherwise overwhelmingly complex decisions by local approximation, vocabulary alignment, and interactive dialog.
How intelligent is robot A compared with robot B? And how intelligent are robots A and B compared with animals (or plants) X and Y? These are both interesting and deeply challenging questions. In this paper we address the question "how intelligent is your intelligent robot?" by proposing that embodied intelligence emerges from the interaction and integration of four different and distinct kinds of intelligence. We then suggest a simple diagrammatic representation on which these kinds of intelligence are shown as four axes in a star diagram. A crude qualitative comparison of the intelligence graphs of animals and robots both exposes and helps to explain the chronic intelligence deficit of intelligent robots. Finally we examine the options for determining numerical values for the four kinds of intelligence in an effort to move toward a quantifiable intelligence vector.
On grounds of the discussed material, we reason about possible future development of quantum game theory and its impact on information processing and the emerging information society. The idea of quantum artificial intelligence is explained.
Definitions and notations with historical references are given for some numerical coefficients commonly used to quantify relations among collections of objects for the purpose of expressing approximate knowledge and probabilistic reasoning.
We show that the d -separation criterion constitutes a valid test for conditional independence relationships that are induced by feedback systems involving discrete variables.
An elaboration of Dempster's method of constructing belief functions suggests a broadly applicable strategy for constructing lower probabilities under a variety of evidentiary constraints.
This paper examines the concept of a combination rule for belief functions. It is shown that two fairly simple and apparently reasonable assumptions determine Dempster's rule, giving a new justification for it.
Within the transferable belief model, positive basic belief masses can be allocated to the empty set, leading to unnormalized belief functions. The nature of these unnormalized beliefs is analyzed.
Smart optical networks are the next evolution of programmable networking and programmable automation of optical networks, with human-in-the-loop network control and management. The paper discusses this evolution and the role of Artificial Intelligence (AI).
The first decade of this century has seen the nascency of the first mathematical theory of general artificial intelligence. This theory of Universal Artificial Intelligence (UAI) has made significant contributions to many theoretical, philosophical, and practical AI questions. In a series of papers culminating in book (Hutter, 2005), an exciting sound and complete mathematical model for a super intelligent agent (AIXI) has been developed and rigorously analyzed. While nowadays most AI researchers avoid discussing intelligence, the award-winning PhD thesis (Legg, 2008) provided the philosophical embedding and investigated the UAI-based universal measure of rational intelligence, which is formal, objective and non-anthropocentric. Recently, effective approximations of AIXI have been derived and experimentally investigated in JAIR paper (Veness et al. 2011). This practical breakthrough has resulted in some impressive applications, finally muting earlier critique that UAI is only a theory. For the first time, without providing any domain knowledge, the same agent is able to self-adapt to a diverse range of interactive environments. For instance, AIXI is able to learn from scratch to play TicTacToe, Pacman, Kuhn Poker, and other games by trial and error, without even providing the rules of the games.   These achievements give new hope that the grand goal of Artificial General Intelligence is not elusive.   This article provides an informal overview of UAI in context. It attempts to gently introduce a very theoretical, formal, and mathematical subject, and discusses philosophical and technical ingredients, traits of intelligence, some social questions, and the past and future of UAI.
Order exists in the world. The intelligence process enables us to realize that order, to some extent. We provide a high level description of intelligence using simple definitions, basic building blocks, a conceptual framework and general hierarchy. This perspective includes multiple levels of abstraction occurring in space and in time. The resulting model offers simple, useful ways to help realize the essence of intelligence.
When human agents come together to make decisions, it is often the case that one human agent has more information than the other. This phenomenon is called information asymmetry and this distorts the market. Often if one human agent intends to manipulate a decision in its favor the human agent can signal wrong or right information. Alternatively, one human agent can screen for information to reduce the impact of asymmetric information on decisions. With the advent of artificial intelligence, signaling and screening have been made easier. This paper studies the impact of artificial intelligence on the theory of asymmetric information. It is surmised that artificial intelligent agents reduce the degree of information asymmetry and thus the market where these agents are deployed become more efficient. It is also postulated that the more artificial intelligent agents there are deployed in the market the less is the volume of trades in the market. This is because for many trades to happen the asymmetry of information on goods and services to be traded should exist, creating a sense of arbitrage.
There has been a recent resurgence in the area of explainable artificial intelligence as researchers and practitioners seek to provide more transparency to their algorithms. Much of this research is focused on explicitly explaining decisions or actions to a human observer, and it should not be controversial to say that, if these techniques are to succeed, the explanations they generate should have a structure that humans accept. However, it is fair to say that most work in explainable artificial intelligence uses only the researchers' intuition of what constitutes a `good' explanation. There exists vast and valuable bodies of research in philosophy, psychology, and cognitive science of how people define, generate, select, evaluate, and present explanations. This paper argues that the field of explainable artificial intelligence should build on this existing research, and reviews relevant papers from philosophy, cognitive psychology/science, and social psychology, which study these topics. It draws out some important findings, and discusses ways that these can be infused with work on explainable artificial intelligence.
We briefly introduce the memory based approaches to emulate machine intelligence in VLSI hardware, describing the challenges and advantages. Implementation of artificial intelligence techniques in VLSI hardware is a practical and difficult problem. Deep architectures, hierarchical temporal memories and memory networks are some of the contemporary approaches in this area of research. The techniques attempt to emulate low level intelligence tasks and aim at providing scalable solutions to high level intelligence problems such as sparse coding and contextual processing.
Whether the machine intelligence can surpass the human intelligence is a controversial issue. On the basis of traditional IQ, this article presents the Universal IQ test method suitable for both the machine intelligence and the human intelligence. With the method, machine and human intelligences were divided into 4 major categories and 15 subcategories. A total of 50 search engines across the world and 150 persons at different ages were subject to the relevant test. And then, the Universal IQ ranking list of 2014 for the test objects was obtained.
This article is taken out.
Looks at state interactions from an agent based AI perspective to see state interactions as an example of emergent intelligent behavior. Exposes basic principles of game theory.
This brief note highlights some basic concepts required toward understanding the evolution of machine learning and deep learning models. The note starts with an overview of artificial intelligence and its relationship to biological neuron that ultimately led to the evolution of todays intelligent models.
A introduction to the syntax and Semantics of Answer Set Programming intended as an handout to [under]graduate students taking Artificial Intlligence or Logic Programming classes.
A fundamental problem in artificial intelligence is that nobody really knows what intelligence is. The problem is especially acute when we need to consider artificial systems which are significantly different to humans. In this paper we approach this problem in the following way: We take a number of well known informal definitions of human intelligence that have been given by experts, and extract their essential features. These are then mathematically formalised to produce a general measure of intelligence for arbitrary machines. We believe that this equation formally captures the concept of machine intelligence in the broadest reasonable sense. We then show how this formal definition is related to the theory of universal optimal learning agents. Finally, we survey the many other tests and definitions of intelligence that have been proposed for machines.
Artificial general intelligence (AGI) refers to research aimed at tackling the full problem of artificial intelligence, that is, create truly intelligent agents. This sets it apart from most AI research which aims at solving relatively narrow domains, such as character recognition, motion planning, or increasing player satisfaction in games. But how do we know when an agent is truly intelligent? A common point of reference in the AGI community is Legg and Hutter's formal definition of universal intelligence, which has the appeal of simplicity and generality but is unfortunately incomputable. Games of various kinds are commonly used as benchmarks for "narrow" AI research, as they are considered to have many important properties. We argue that many of these properties carry over to the testing of general intelligence as well. We then sketch how such testing could practically be carried out. The central part of this sketch is an extension of universal intelligence to deal with finite time, and the use of sampling of the space of games expressed in a suitably biased game description language.
We propose a number of heuristics that can be used for identifying when intransitive choice behaviour is likely to occur in choice situations. We also suggest two methods for avoiding undesired choice behaviour, namely transparent communication and adaptive choice-set generation. We believe that these two ways can contribute to the avoidance of decision biases in choice situations that may often be regretted.
The Hard Problem of consciousness has been dismissed as an illusion. By showing that computers are capable of experiencing, we show that they are at least rudimentarily conscious with potential to eventually reach superconsciousness. The main contribution of the paper is a test for confirming certain subjective experiences in a tested agent. We follow with analysis of benefits and problems with conscious machines and implications of such capability on future of computing, machine rights and artificial intelligence safety.
Our desire and fascination with intelligent machines dates back to the antiquity's mythical automaton Talos, Aristotle's mode of mechanical thought (syllogism) and Heron of Alexandria's mechanical machines and automata. However, the quest for Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) is troubled with repeated failures of strategies and approaches throughout the history. This decade has seen a shift in interest towards bio-inspired software and hardware, with the assumption that such mimicry entails intelligence. Though these steps are fruitful in certain directions and have advanced automation, their singular design focus renders them highly inefficient in achieving AGI. Which set of requirements have to be met in the design of AGI? What are the limits in the design of the artificial? Here, a careful examination of computation in biological systems hints that evolutionary tinkering of contextual processing of information enabled by a hierarchical architecture is the key to build AGI.
The development of artificial general intelligence is considered by many to be inevitable. What such intelligence does after becoming aware is not so certain. To that end, research suggests that the likelihood of artificial general intelligence becoming hostile to humans is significant enough to warrant inquiry into methods to limit such potential. Thus, containment of artificial general intelligence is a timely and meaningful research topic. While there is limited research exploring possible containment strategies, such work is bounded by the underlying field the strategies draw upon. Accordingly, we set out to construct an ontology to describe necessary elements in any future containment technology. Using existing academic literature, we developed a single domain ontology containing five levels, 32 codes, and 32 associated descriptors. Further, we constructed ontology diagrams to demonstrate intended relationships. We then identified humans, AGI, and the cyber world as novel agent objects necessary for future containment activities. Collectively, the work addresses three critical gaps: (a) identifying and arranging fundamental constructs; (b) situating AGI containment within cyber science; and (c) developing scientific rigor within the field.
